docs: Added documentation and cross-link for Azure site extension (#18896)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/nodejs-agent/installation-configuration/install-nodejs-agent-docker.mdx

> You can use our Node.js agent to instrument Node.js applications deployed in Docker containers. This document explains how to build, configure, and deploy your Dockerized Node.js application that has been instrumented with New Relic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use our Node.js agent to instrument Node.js applications deployed in Docker containers. This document explains how to build, configure, and deploy your Dockerized Node.js application that you've instrumented with New Relic.
```

If you need general help with the Node.js agent installation, see our [main installation instructions](/docs/apm/agents/nodejs-agent/installation-configuration/install-nodejs-agent).

## Instrument your container [#instrument]

> <Callout variant="caution">

Reviewer: Good choice to move this up and I think it warrants the caution call out tbh!

Don't include your license key in your Dockerfile or Docker image. For more information, see [our documentation on license key security](/docs/accounts/install-new-relic/account-setup/license-key#license-key-security).
</Callout>

> With just a few additions your existing Dockerfile can be used with our Node.js agent. You'll configure the agent by running your new Docker image with environment variables set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By making a few configurations to your existing Dockerfile, you can instrument your Dockerized app with Node.js agent. This requires running your new Docker image with environment variables set for New Relic instrumentation.
```

Author: ```suggestion
By making a few configuration changes and adding New Relic environment variables to your existing Dockerfile, you can instrument your Dockerized app with our Node.js agent. 
```

Reviewer: Looks good!

>    "newrelic": "latest",

Reviewer: Is there a space between the 1 bullet and the snippet?

Author: There should be a line break, so the snippet gets rendered as a code block.

   ```

> You can update the value `latest` to install a specific version, or use any of the other options provided by the [`package.json` format](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#dependencies). Check [the Node.js agent release notes](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/nodejs-release-notes) for information about past agent versions.

Reviewer: In the deploy preview, this section of text isn't flush as a child under the list. I'd shift tab both the code snippet and this piece of copy so it's nested underneath step 1.

Author: Ah, I wasn't sure how that got rendered. Let me try with my local copy...

Author: Finally fixed it! OK, hang on for a new commit.

> 2. Instrumentation is most reliable if the New Relic agent is required before your application starts. Your container setup may allow you to edit the `ENTRYPOINT` to include `newrelic` module first with the Node.js `-r`/`--require` flag when the node command is invoked. If your Dockerfile contains any of these start commands, you can change them this way:

Reviewer: It's best to lead procedures with a clear, direct action that needs to happen. If conceptual info is necessary to help people understand how to do it or why they're doing it, we should add that after the fact. This allows our power users to get to the meat of the procedure while prociding context for newer/less experienced users (that power users can skim past) For example, in step 1, we clearly tell them to "Add X to Y". 

What is the action in its most distilled form here? Some suggestions:

* Add the Node.js ``-r`/`--require` flag to the `ENTRYPOINT` so the `newrelic` module appears first. Instrumentation is most reliable if the New Relic agent is required before your app starts. If your container setup doesn't allow this action, then try some of these alternatives:
    * something
    * something
    * something

Author: I have a proposed change I'll push in the next commit.

>    Install a specific version, or use any of the other options provided by the [`package.json` format](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#dependencies). Check [the Node.js agent release notes](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/nodejs-release-notes) for information about past agent versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install a specific version, or use any of the other options provided by the [`package.json` format](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#dependencies). Check [the Node.js agent release notes](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/nodejs-release-notes) for information about past agent versions.
```

> 2. Depending on how your container is set up, you can edit the `ENTRYPOINT` to include `newrelic` module first with Node.js `-r`/`--require` flag by running ```node -r newrelic YOUR_PROGRAM.js```

Reviewer: Can we provide an example console command they can run to do all of this so it's one code block instead of several snippets? It might read something like:

> Depending on your container set-up, you can adjust where the Node.js flag appears. For example:
>
> ```
> node -r newrelic YOUR_PROGRAM.js
> ```

Author: I'll rewrite this to note why you'd want to add the -r flag: it's to inject the agent before your application runs. Otherwise, you need to include the agent at the top of your entrypoint file, which is something people often overlook or have trouble with. The agent needs to be loaded before other dependencies run.

> 2. Depending on how your container is set up, you can edit the `ENTRYPOINT` to include `newrelic` module first with Node.js `-r`/`--require` flag by running ```node -r newrelic YOUR_PROGRAM.js```

Reviewer: Step 2 with all the tips and notes can be adjusted with some tech writer copy edits. Is this step directing the agent to initialize when the container with app image spins up? I might rework it to read something like this:

> 2. Depending on your container set-up, you can adjust where the Node.js flag appears. For example, you can initialize the agent when the container spins up by including the New Relic module ahead of your app code:
>
> ```
> node -r newrelic YOUR_PROGRAM.js
> ```
> ```
> ENTRYPOINT ['node', '-r', 'newrelic', 'YOUR_PROGRAM.js']
> ```
> If you can't control how your program runs, load the New Relic module before any other modules within your program: 
>
>```
> some example code or whatever
> something something require('newrelic')
>```
> If an npm script like `npm start` runs your program, then modify this script by running this instead:
> ```
> npm pkg set scripts.start="node -r newrelic your-program.js"
> ```
> Keep in mind that if your Node.js agent is older than [v7.2.0](https://deploy-preview-18896--docs-website-netlify.netlify.app/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/nodejs-release-notes/node-agent-7-2-0/), you will need to add the environment variable `NEW_RELIC_NO_CONFIG_FILE=true` to your Dockerfile so the agent can run without a configuration file. More information on our configuration settings and order of precedence can be found [here](https://deploy-preview-18896--docs-website-netlify.netlify.app/docs/apm/agents/nodejs-agent/installation-configuration/nodejs-agent-configuration/).

Reviewer: For the two entry point examples, we can make those child options for the examples

Author: I have a version I think is better for these; I'll be pushing that momentarily.

   or ```ENTRYPOINT ['node', '-r', 'newrelic', 'YOUR_PROGRAM.js']```

   If you can't control how your program runs, you can load the `newrelic` module before any other module in your program by adding `require('newrelic')`.

>    <Callout variant="tip">

Reviewer: Same comment as before. we have 4 callouts in this doc. Let's choose one to prioritize and nest relevant information within procedure

Author: I've also noticed that the first callout in this doc mixed up _variant_ and _tip_. I'm in favor of one "tip," one "caution," and one "important."

>      If you have an npm script to run your program such as `npm start`, you can programmatically modify this script by running `npm pkg set scripts.start="node -r newrelic your-program.js"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an npm script to run your program such as `npm start`, you can programmatically modify this script by running `npm pkg set scripts.start="node -r newrelic your-program.js"`.
```

## Other configuration options [#configure]

> <Callout variant="important">

Reviewer: Can this be part of a separate h2 section at the start of the doc about versioning, instead of a callout? What's the benefit of it being a callout?

Author: This was a callout early on in this document probably because it's a warning. I'm in favor of hoisting it higher.

>   Don't include your license key in your Dockerfile or Docker image. For more information, see [our documentation on license key security](/docs/accounts/install-new-relic/account-setup/license-key#license-key-security).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't include your license key in your Dockerfile or Docker image. For more information, see [our documentation on license key security](/docs/accounts/install-new-relic/account-setup/license-key#license-key-security).
```

</Callout>

> <Callout variant="tip">

Author: I'm moving it earlier; let me know what you think.

>   If your Node.js agent is older than [v8.3.0](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/nodejs-release-notes/node-agent-8-3-0) and you want to use [distributed tracing](/docs/understand-dependencies/distributed-tracing/get-started/introduction-distributed-tracing), you'll need to enable it by setting the environment variable `NEW_RELIC_DISTRIBUTED_TRACING_ENABLED` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Node.js agent is older than [v8.3.0](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/nodejs-release-notes/node-agent-8-3-0) and you want to use [distributed tracing](/docs/understand-dependencies/distributed-tracing/get-started/introduction-distributed-tracing), you'll need to enable it by setting the environment variable `NEW_RELIC_DISTRIBUTED_TRACING_ENABLED` to `true`.
```

>   If your Node.js agent is older than [v8.3.0](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/nodejs-release-notes/node-agent-8-3-0) and you want to use [distributed tracing](/docs/understand-dependencies/distributed-tracing/get-started/introduction-distributed-tracing), you'll need to enable it by setting the environment variable `NEW_RELIC_DISTRIBUTED_TRACING_ENABLED` to `true`.

Reviewer: These call outs about versioning makes me believe there should be a compatibility section with all of this content grouped together AHEAD of procedure. Having it dispersed throughout the doc can be confusing and break flow, and then customers can't go to one section for reference about versioning. Can we make these version callouts h2s with everything lumped together?

</Callout>

> In addition to setting your application name or license key, you can set [other configuration options](/docs/agents/nodejs-agent/installation-configuration/nodejs-agent-configuration) by starting your container with the `-e` option. For example, to enable a feature flag, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to setting your application name or license key, you can set [other configuration options](/docs/agents/nodejs-agent/installation-configuration/nodejs-agent-configuration) by starting your container with the `-e` option. You can enable a feature flag by replacing `FF` in the following snippet  and running the following:
```

```bash
 docker run -e NEW_RELIC_LICENSE_KEY=YOUR_LICENSE_KEY \
        -e NEW_RELIC_APP_NAME="YOUR_APP_NAME" \
        -e NEW_RELIC_FF_ENABLED=true \
        YOUR_IMAGE_NAME:latest
```

> (You'll replace `FF` with the name of the feature flag you want to enable.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This can get lost. Might as well just nest this suggestion in the preface.
